docs/notebooks.rst, before:

=========================
Jupyter Notebook Examples
=========================

These example notebooks demonstrate some basic ``large-image`` functionality used in Jupyter_ Notebooks.

Rendered Views
--------------

You can view static versions of these example notebooks here (these do not include dynamic image viewers):

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ./notebooks/large_image_examples.ipynb
   ./notebooks/zarr_sink_example.ipynb

Download and Use Locally
------------------------

To see the dynamic image viewers, you can run these example notebooks in any Jupyter environment.
To download any of these example notebooks, visit the notebooks_ folder in our Github repository.

Run in Google Colab
-------------------

You can run any of these notebooks in Google Colab with the following links:

- Using Large Image in Jupyter: `Run large_image_examples.ipynb in Colab <examples_>`_
- Using the Zarr Tile Sink: `Run zarr_sink_example.ipynb in Colab <zarr_sink_>`_


.. _Jupyter: https://jupyter.org/
.. _notebooks: https://github.com/girder/large_image/tree/master/docs/notebooks
.. _examples: https://colab.research.google.com/github/girder/large_image/blob/master/docs/notebooks/large_image_examples.ipynb
.. _zarr_sink: https://colab.research.google.com/github/girder/large_image/blob/master/docs/notebooks/zarr_sink_example.ipynb

Commit message:

Add an example notebook to show off the frame selector widget

docs/notebooks.rst, after:

=========================
Jupyter Notebook Examples
=========================

These example notebooks demonstrate some basic ``large-image`` functionality used in `Jupyter <https://jupyter.org/>`_ Notebooks.

Rendered Views
--------------

You can view static versions of these example notebooks here (these do not include dynamic image viewers):

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ./notebooks/large_image_examples.ipynb
   ./notebooks/zarr_sink_example.ipynb
   ./notebooks/frame_viewer_example.ipynb


Download and Use Locally
------------------------

To see the dynamic image viewers, you can run these example notebooks in any Jupyter environment.
To download any of these example notebooks, visit the `notebooks <https://github.com/girder/large_image/tree/master/docs/notebooks>`_ folder in our Github repository.

Run in Google Colab
-------------------

You can run any of these notebooks in Google Colab with the following links:

- Using Large Image in Jupyter: `Run large_image_examples.ipynb in Colab <https://colab.research.google.com/github/girder/large_image/blob/master/docs/notebooks/large_image_examples.ipynb>`_
- Using the Zarr Tile Sink: `Run zarr_sink_example.ipynb in Colab <https://colab.research.google.com/github/girder/large_image/blob/master/docs/notebooks/zarr_sink_example.ipynb>`_
- An example of the Frame Selector in Jupyter: `Run frame_viewer_example.ipynb in Colab <https://colab.research.google.com/github/girder/large_image/blob/master/docs/notebooks/frame_viewer_example.ipynb>`_
